One-page form revision (#23)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/checkout/checkout_features/rma_process.md

## Online cancellation form

There is an online cancellation form.

> After the user submits the form, an email is sent to the admin using [SendCancellationEmailDataProcessor](../../forms/form_api/dataprocessors.md#sendcancellationemaildataprocessor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a user submits the form, an email is sent to the admin by using [SendCancellationEmailDataProcessor](../../forms/form_api/dataprocessors.md#sendcancellationemaildataprocessor).
```

## Online RMA form

> eZ Commerce also offers an online RMA form. After user submits this form, an email is sent to admin using [SendRmaEmailDataProcessor](../../forms/form_api/dataprocessors.md#sendrmaemaildataprocessor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eZ Commerce also offers an online RMA form. 
After a user submits the form, an email is sent to the admin by using [SendRmaEmailDataProcessor](../../forms/form_api/dataprocessors.md#sendrmaemaildataprocessor).
```
